Characters and artefacts:
  - Tritos, the hero
  - Daneta, the goddess of the rivers
  - Perkunos, the god of thunder
  - Anfis, the giant water snake
  - Apom Nepots, the undying fire underwater
  - Serberos, the dog of the underworld

Tritos lives a normal life in the city by the river. Then, one day, the river
dries up. The citizens plea to Daneta, but their prayers are not heard. Anfis
has captured Daneta, and has hoarded all the water of the world for himself.

The gods appear in a dream to Tritos, and they entrust him with the task of
freeing Daneta. With the help of Perkunos, Tritos can journey to the bottom of
the sea and obtain the Apom Nepots, the undying fire. Only an unblemished soul
can touch the fire. Otherwise, if a wicked soul touches it, they will burn
to their death.

The hero succeeds in acquiring the Apom Nepots. He then takes the undying fire
to the most skilled blacksmith, and he forges a sword out of it. Tritos then
must journey to a lake on top of a mountain, where Anfis resides. Anfis attacks
Perkunos, but Perkunos is able to restrain the snake briefly. However, he loses
his arm in the process. While Perkunos restrains Anfis, the hero is able to cut
open the snake and release Daneta.

Daneta then banishes the snake to the depths of the Earth, guarded by Serberos.
She now releases all the water that Anfis had hoarded for himself, and the
rivers start flowing again. Mankind celebrates, and sings of these events every
year during Daneta's festival.

However, the threat is still there! Since Anfis is now imprisoned under the
earth, whenever he moves violently, he produces an earthquake. And that is the
explanation for why earthquakes happen.



ALTERNATIVE PLOT:

Anfis hoards all the water for himself. He has swallowed the Apom Napots, which
resides at the volcanic lake at the top of a mountain. Perkunos goes to
retrieve the sacred fire. He paralyzes the evil snake with his thunder and
lightning. With one hand, he forces the mouth to open. With the other hand, he
retrieves the Apom Nepots. He succeeds in retrieving the sacred fire, but the
evil snake closes its bite violently, and Perkunos loses his hand.

He takes the Apom Nepots to Daneta (who has not been captured), and Daneta is
now able to defeat the snake with the help of Perkunos. Daneta then banishes
the snake into the depths of the earth.
